Default values for variables removed (#539)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-key: examples/basic/README.md

A simple example that shows how to create a standard and a root key in an existing IBM Key Management Service (KMS) instance.

> The example is dependent on existing KMS instance guid, so to use this example you must have KMS Instance created before if you do not have it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you begin

Make sure you have an existing KMS instance. The example requires the GUID from the instance.
```

> The following resources are provisioned by this example:
>  - Create a root key in the existing KMS instance.
>  - Create a standard key in the existing KMS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example provisions the following resources:
 - A root key in the existing KMS instance.
 - A standard key in the existing KMS instance.
```

Might as well fix up these list items. The lead-in already have the verb (provision), so we don't need it in the list items
